ADVENTURE WORKS DATABASES
This zip file contains 2 different versions of the Adventure Works database
* Adventure Works 2020
* Adventure Works 2005
I use this single zip download for many purposes including for my various training courses (https://xbi.com.au/training-options) as well as for my books.  There may be some files that you do not use, depending on the circumstances.

ADVENTURE WORKS 2020
This is a modified version of the Adventure Works database for use with Supercharge Power BI - 3rd edition. It is identical to the original version of Adventure Works except for the following changes:
1. I have added 15 years added to the original sales dates
2. I have added 15 years to the calendar table dates
3. I have added 20 years to the birth dates in the customer table.
I have done this so that the sales data is more up to date and relevant.  The last sales date in the database is now 31st Dec 2019, hence this now represents data that you may be looking at in 2020.

Even if you are reading one of the previous versions of my book, you can still use this Adventure Works 2020 version of the database if you like. Just keep in mind that you will need to mentally adjust the dates by 15 years if you are trying to check your results against the images in my book.  

ADVENTURE WORKS 2005
This is the original version of the database that is used for the following books:
* Learn to Write DAX
* Supercharge Power BI 2nd edition (the yellow one)
* Supercharge Excel 2nd edition (the green one).
These 3 books all refer to connecting to an Access database to load the data.  I have provided the data in Excel format as most people find it easier to connect to Excel than Access.  If you would like the Access database version instead, you can download that from https://xbi.com.au/accessdb

You can use the original Adventure Works 2005 version for these earlier versions of the books so the answers are aligned to the years, or you can simply use the 2020 version if you prefer (mentally adjusting the results when you check the answers - it's not that hard to do).
